- how to create a virtual env and activate it?
    - `python3 -m venv venv`
        - -m is for the module , and venv is the name of the virtual env
    - `. venv/bin/activate`

- how to deactivate it?
    - `deactivate`

- What is virtual environment? and why do we need?
    - to keep project specific libraries attached to that project alone, if we install in global it will mix up with other projects too.



- difference between virtual environment and environment variables ?
    - environment variables are system wide, and virtual environment is project specific.
        - `we store our project secrets in a .env file`
    - virtual environment is created by `python3 -m venv venv`
        - it is created in the `venv` folder, to keep project specific libraries attached to that project alone


- what will pip freeze do?
    - it will print all the installed packages

- what are the common configurations required in a postgres db url?
    - DATABASE_HOSTNAME=localhost
    - DATABASE_PORT=5432
    - DATABASE_PASSWORD=password
    - DATABASE_NAME=fast-api
    - DATABASE_USERNAME=postgres

- what is jwt ? and used for authentication
    - json web token
        - it is used to secure our api, and it is used for authentication

- can we set unlimited validity for jwt token?
    - yes, if we dont set the expiration it will not expire


- What was the need for jwt?
    - it is used to secure our api

- what is uvicorn?
    - it is a web server, it is used to serve our api

- how to run our fastapi application?
    - `uvicorn app.main:app --reload`


- what is the purpose of "__init__.py"?
    - it is used to make a folder as a package

- name some common http methods:
    - get, put , post , delete, patch

- what is full form for CRUD?
    - create, read, update delete

- what is the differnce between http and https?
    - https is secure, http is not secure
    - https is used to encrypt the data, http is not used to encrypt the data

- 